README.md, before:

## TTGL Mod for Risk of rain 2
- TTGL themed mod that currently adds Lagann as a playable survivor in Risk of rain 2
- Currently wip, working on the moveset.

## Install
https://thunderstore.io/package/Mico27/TTGL_Mod/

[![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/194257452374425600/813609655145201665/Lagann1.png)]()

[![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/194257452374425600/813609659998273566/Lagann2.png)]()

feel free to ping/dm me with any questions or complaints on the modding discord- @Mico27#0642

## To-Do
- Balancing stats / buffs
- Some general polishing
- More loadouts
- Gurren ????? :)

## Changelog

`0.0.4`
- Fixed visual bug with Poison affix effect
- Added Toggle Canopy utility skill
- Made some new icons

`0.0.3`
- Made spiral power networkable
- Fixed bug with full spiral power music and plays only localy
- Added Ancient Scepter effect to upgrade Yoko's rifle skill

`0.0.2`
- Added custom sounds
- Added full spiral energy state
- Refined Yoko rifle skill visual and sound effects
- Added a variant of Yoko rifle skill using explosive rounds
- Fixed model scaling issues which made some overlay effects look blown out
- Implemented the Ancient Scepter item effect, modifying Yoko rifle skill to be hitscan, ricochet on crit, have improved dmg AND explode on hit.

`0.0.1`
- Initial release

Commit message:

Fixed for RoR2 Anniversary update

README.md, after:

## TTGL Mod for Risk of rain 2
- TTGL themed mod that currently adds Lagann as a playable survivor in Risk of rain 2
- Currently wip.

[![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/194257452374425600/813609655145201665/Lagann1.png)]()

[![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/194257452374425600/813609659998273566/Lagann2.png)]()

feel free to ping/dm me with any questions or complaints on the modding discord- @Mico27#0642

## To-Do
- Balancing stats / buffs
- Some general polishing
- More loadouts
- Gurren ????? :)

## Changelog

`0.1.0`
- Fixed mod to work with the anniversary update

`0.0.4`
- Fixed visual bug with Poison affix effect
- Added Toggle Canopy utility skill
- Made some new icons

`0.0.3`
- Made spiral power networkable
- Fixed bug with full spiral power music and plays only localy
- Added Ancient Scepter effect to upgrade Yoko's rifle skill

`0.0.2`
- Added custom sounds
- Added full spiral energy state
- Refined Yoko rifle skill visual and sound effects
- Added a variant of Yoko rifle skill using explosive rounds
- Fixed model scaling issues which made some overlay effects look blown out
- Implemented the Ancient Scepter item effect, modifying Yoko rifle skill to be hitscan, ricochet on crit, have improved dmg AND explode on hit.

`0.0.1`
- Initial release
